---
title: "Flare Gas Recovery System for Majnoon Oilfield"
description: "Seamless industrial project execution: design, supply, installation & commissioning of turbines, compressors, heat exchangers, piping, instrumentation & control systems. Leveraging 3D modeling, local expertise & stringent quality protocols for on-time, within-budget project delivery."
summary: Comprehensive design, supply, installation & commissioning of
  industrial components (turbines, compressors, heat exchangers,
  piping, controls, instrumentation) for advanced facility. Meticulous
  approach with feasibility studies, 3D modeling, project management,
  engineering processes, local construction, procurement,
  cost/schedule management & quality assurance for successful on-time,
  in-budget completion.
thumbnail: "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Gas%20Compressor%20Station/image002.jpg?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1715338295325"
visiuals:
  [
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Gas%20Compressor%20Station/image002.jpg?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1715338295325",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Gas%20Compressor%20Station/20240123_123317.jpg?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1715338295077",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Gas%20Compressor%20Station/image003.jpg?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1715338297048",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Gas%20Compressor%20Station/image001.jpg?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1715338297706",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Flare%20Gas%20Recovery%20System/3.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714365728754",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Flare%20Gas%20Recovery%20System/4.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714365728719",
  ]
---

This project involved designing, supplying, installing, and commissioning a comprehensive range of industrial components for an advanced facility. These components encompassed a turbine, compressor, heat exchanger, scrubbers, an intricate piping network with fittings and flanges, a dedicated seal gas compressor, a state-of-the-art fire-fighting system, high-voltage and low-voltage switchgears, motor control centers (MCC) panels, a cutting-edge distributed control system (DCS), and field instrumentation for seamless monitoring and control.

To ensure the project's resounding success, a meticulous approach was undertaken, comprising the following critical measures:

- A comprehensive feasibility study was conducted to evaluate the project's viability, identifying potential challenges and devising strategies to mitigate risks.

- Advanced 3D modeling techniques were employed to create a virtual representation of the components and their intricate installation, facilitating effective planning and coordination.

- A dedicated project management team oversaw the entire process, ensuring seamless execution and timely decision-making.

- A thorough local site survey was conducted to assess the site's suitability for the project, considering factors such as accessibility, infrastructure, and environmental conditions.

- Detailed design and layout planning were meticulously carried out to ensure optimal component arrangement, maximizing efficiency, safety, and ease of maintenance.

- Rigorous basic and detailed engineering processes were undertaken to ensure a safe, reliable, and effective installation adhering to industry standards and best practices.

- Local Iraqi construction services were leveraged for the installation process, fostering local expertise and contributing to the region's economic development.

- A robust procurement strategy was implemented to ensure the timely acquisition of the necessary components, adhering to quality standards and project timelines.

- Comprehensive cost and scheduling management strategies were employed to ensure the project was completed within the allocated budget and on schedule, minimizing delays and overruns.

- Stringent quality assurance and quality control protocols were enforced throughout the project lifecycle, guaranteeing the highest standards of workmanship and adherence to specifications.

The project was successfully completed on time and within budget, meeting all the requisite safety and quality standards. We extend our sincere gratitude to our dedicated team and the client for their unwavering commitment, hard work, and cooperation throughout the project's duration.
