---
title: "Design, Fabrication and Supply of Mechanical skid packages."
description: "Expert design, procurement, and fabrication of robust skids for chemical injection, pump operation, oxygen scavenging, and methanol injection systems. Integrating high-quality components like pumps, motors, tanks, piping, and instrumentation for optimal performance and efficiency."
thumbnail: "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Mechanical%20Skid%20Packages/20170131_104139.jpg?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714375106874"
summary: "The project aims to design, procure, and fabricate skids for critical applications like chemical injection and pump operation. It involves meticulous design, strategic procurement, precise fabrication, systematic assembly, rigorous testing, and comprehensive training for seamless operations."
visiuals:
  [
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Mechanical%20Skid%20Packages/20170131_104139.jpg?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714375106874",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Mechanical%20Skid%20Packages/Picture%206.jpg?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714375107181",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Mechanical%20Skid%20Packages/20140617_143851.jpg?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714375106859",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Mechanical%20Skid%20Packages/IMG_20160621_102949525.jpg?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714375105456",
  ]
---

The objective of this project is to expertly design, procure, and fabricate skids for critical applications such as chemical injection, pump operation, and oxygen scavenging and methanol injection systems. These skids will integrate various essential components, including pumps, motors, tanks, piping, and instrumentation, to ensure seamless and efficient operations.

The comprehensive project scope encompasses the following key activities:

- Meticulous design of the skids in adherence to stringent project specifications and requirements, ensuring optimal functionality and performance.

- Strategic procurement of high-quality equipment and materials from reliable sources, ensuring seamless integration and long-term durability.

- Precise fabrication of the skids in strict accordance with the approved designs and specifications, leveraging advanced manufacturing techniques and quality control measures.

- Systematic assembly and integration of all components, including pumps, motors, tanks, piping, and instrumentation, onto the skids, ensuring correct positioning and alignment for optimal operations.

- Rigorous testing and commissioning of the assembled skids, verifying their functionality and performance under various operational conditions to identify and address any potential issues.

6. Comprehensive training and knowledge transfer to the client, ensuring a smooth handover and enabling them to operate and maintain the skids effectively.

This project demands a high level of technical expertise, attention to detail, and adherence to industry best practices throughout the design, procurement, fabrication, and commissioning phases. Upon successful completion, the client will receive fully operational and robust skids tailored to their specific requirements, enabling efficient and reliable chemical injection, pump operation, and oxygen scavenging and methanol injection processes.
