---
title: "Upgrade of Existing Processing Facilities"
description: "Comprehensive replacement of outdated distributed control system at degassing station through full engineering, procurement, construction, and demolition services. Installed new integrated control and safety system, control valves, field instruments, and infrastructure for optimal operations."
thumbnail: "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Upgrade%20of%20Existing%20Gas%20Processing%20Facilities/img_5.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714369591085"
visiuals:
  [
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Upgrade%20of%20Existing%20Gas%20Processing%20Facilities/img_5.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714369591085",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Upgrade%20of%20Existing%20Gas%20Processing%20Facilities/img_3.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714369590325",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Upgrade%20of%20Existing%20Gas%20Processing%20Facilities/img_2.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714369589971",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Upgrade%20of%20Existing%20Gas%20Processing%20Facilities/img_1.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714369589630",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Upgrade%20of%20Existing%20Gas%20Processing%20Facilities/img_4.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714369585951",
  ]
---

The scope of this project encompassed the comprehensive replacement of an obsolete Distributed Control System (DCS) at a degassing station. This undertaking necessitated the full spectrum of engineering, procurement, construction, and demolition (EPCD) services to ensure the seamless transition to the new system. Specifically, the following activities were meticulously executed:

- Engineering: Comprehensive engineering studies were conducted to determine the optimal approach for replacing the DCS system. This involved intricate planning for the new Integrated Control and Safety System (ICSS) that would supersede the outdated DCS, as well as the integration of cutting-edge control valves and field instruments.

- Procurement: The procurement process entailed the strategic acquisition of all requisite materials for the project, including the state-of-the-art ICSS, advanced control valves, and cutting-edge field instruments.

- Construction: The installation of the new ICSS, control valves, and field instruments was executed in a systematic and efficient manner, adhering to industry best practices. This encompassed the construction of essential infrastructure, such as control rooms and auxiliary facilities.

- Demolition: The legacy DCS system, control valves, and field instruments were meticulously dismantled and disposed of in an environmentally responsible manner, in accordance with established safety protocols.

The successful culmination of this project hinged on the seamless collaboration of all stakeholders involved, including the client, contractors, engineering teams, and project management professionals. The end result is a state-of-the-art, efficient, and reliable control system that will ensure the safe and optimal operation of the degassing station, positioning it for continued success in the years to come.
