---
title: "Leak Testing and Nitrogen Purging"
description: "Comprehensive leak testing services for brownfield sites. Three-year contract ensuring upgraded facilities meet integrity requirements before hydrocarbon introduction. Extensive pre-engineering, system preparation, pressurization, leak detection, and safe de-pressurization by experienced team."
thumbnail: "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Leak%20Testing%20and%20Nitrogen%20Purging/1.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714376651936"
visiuals:
  [
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Leak%20Testing%20and%20Nitrogen%20Purging/1.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714376651936",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Leak%20Testing%20and%20Nitrogen%20Purging/2.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714376651868",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Leak%20Testing%20and%20Nitrogen%20Purging/3.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714376652186",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Leak%20Testing%20and%20Nitrogen%20Purging/4.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714376651312",
  ]
---

This project entails a three-year contract for comprehensive leak testing services at various brownfield sites. The primary objective is to ensure that the upgraded or expanded facilities adhere to stringent joint integrity requirements, ensuring the absence of any leaks before the introduction of hydrocarbons. The project encompasses the following scope of work:

- Pre-engineering activities: Our team will meticulously prepare procedures and leak test packs before commencing the testing process. This involves a thorough review of the facility design, determining the optimal testing methodology, and creating comprehensive testing procedures and checklists tailored to the specific site requirements.
- System preparation: Our technicians will diligently work to prepare the system by conducting thorough cleaning, flushing, and verifying that all equipment and components are in optimal condition and ready for rigorous testing.
- Pressurization and leak testing: Our team will precisely pressurize the system and perform comprehensive leak tests using state-of-the-art methods and techniques to accurately detect and locate any potential leaks.
- Line walk downs and snoop testing: Our experienced personnel will conduct detailed visual inspections and utilize advanced leak detection tools, such as snoop tests, to verify the integrity of the entire system, ensuring no compromises.
- Safe de-pressurization: Upon completion of the testing phase, our team will safely and methodically de-pressurize the system, adhering to stringent safety protocols to ensure a secure environment for subsequent work.
- Purging prior to start-up: As a final step, our team will thoroughly purge the system, removing any remaining fluids or gases, ensuring the facility is ready for seamless start-up operations.

This project demands a highly skilled and experienced team of technicians and engineers who can work safely and efficiently to complete the testing within the specified timeline. Our team will collaborate closely with the client, maintaining open communication channels to ensure that all testing requirements are met, and the facility is deemed safe for operation, meeting the highest industry standards.
