---
title: "Pre-fabricated Electrical House with Control Room"
description: "Our team successfully completed the design, supply, installation, and commissioning of a prefabricated electrical house for an oil and gas facility. The project included 11kV AIS MV and LV switchgear, MVA VFDs, AC/DC UPS systems, DCS with server and marshalling cabinets, fire and gas detection, HVAC, power and lighting distribution boards, and an earthing system. Completed on time, within budget while meeting all safety and quality standards."
thumbnail: "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Pre-fabricated%20Electrical%20House%20with%20Control%20Room/1.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714373675039"
visiuals:
  [
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Pre-fabricated%20Electrical%20House%20with%20Control%20Room/1.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714373675039",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Pre-fabricated%20Electrical%20House%20with%20Control%20Room/2.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714373675496",
    "https://ik.imagekit.io/1p7sbsx42/projects/Pre-fabricated%20Electrical%20House%20with%20Control%20Room/3.webp?tr=w-800,h-1200?updatedAt=1714373674042",
  ]
---

We have successfully completed the design, supply, installation, and commissioning of a prefabricated electrical house for an oil and gas facility. The project encompassed the following critical components:

- 11kV Air-Insulated Switchgear (AIS) for Medium Voltage (MV) and 400V Low Voltage (LV) Switchgear: This switchgear was installed and commissioned to control and safeguard the electrical power supply to the facility.

- 1 MVA MV Variable Frequency Drive (VFD) - 1 unit and 400V, 55KW LV VFDs - 6 units: The VFDs were installed and commissioned to regulate the speed of electric motors within the facility.

- 20kVA, 220V, 50hz AC Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) with 575AH Nickel-Cadmium battery bank: The UPS system was installed and commissioned to provide a reliable backup power source during outages.

- 110V, 40A Dual Float-Cum-Boost-Charge (FCBC) DC UPS: This DC UPS was installed and commissioned to supply critical loads with power during outages.

- Distributed Control System (DCS), server, and marshalling cabinets with over 500 I/Os: The DCS was installed and commissioned to monitor and control various processes within the facility, while the server and marshalling cabinets were installed to store and manage data generated by the DCS.

- Fire and Gas Detection System (F&G) for the sub-station building and plant area: The F&G system was installed and commissioned to detect and alert personnel of any fire or gas leaks within the facility.

- Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning (HVAC) system with a capacity of 720,000 Btu/Hr: The HVAC system was installed and commissioned to regulate temperature and humidity levels within the facility.

- Power Distribution Boards: These boards were installed and commissioned to distribute the electrical power supply to various loads within the facility.

- Normal and Emergency Lighting Distribution Boards for the building and plant area: These lighting distribution boards were installed and commissioned to distribute lighting supply to various areas within the facility.

- Earthing System: The earthing system was installed and commissioned to provide a safe path for any stray electrical currents to the ground.

The project was completed on schedule, within the allocated budget, and adhered to all relevant safety and quality standards. We extend our gratitude to our team and the client for their unwavering dedication and cooperation throughout the project's duration.
